Add Working with Polaris page (#6843)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/contributing/working-with-the-polaris-team/index.md

| Contribution type                                                                | Team response                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | How you can help                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Bug report                                                                       | Prioritized against our backlog and roadmap. If there's a clear or urgent need for a fix we'll add it to our backlog.                                                                                                                        | Leave comments with additional information on how to reproduce the bug and how it's affecting your use case.<br/><br/> If you're interested in a fix, [upvote](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/6750) the bug report to let the team know. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bug report                                                                       | Prioritized against our backlog and roadmap. If there's a clear or urgent need for a fix we'll add it to our backlog.                                                                                                                        | Leave comments with additional information on how to reproduce the bug and how it's affecting your use case.<br/><br/> If you're interested in a fix, [upvote](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/issues/new?assignees=&labels=%F0%9F%90%9BBug&template=ISSUE.md) the bug report to let the team know. |
```

> | Feature request                                                                  | For now, feature requests will be closed and reviewed against our existing backlog and roadmap. We'll evaluate interest in the request and prioritize it for development if there is enough interest and alignment with our product roadmap. | If you're interested in the feature please upvote the request in [GitHub](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/6750) to let the team know.                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Feature request                                                                  | For now, feature requests will be closed and reviewed against our existing backlog and roadmap. We'll evaluate interest in the request and prioritize it for development if there is enough interest and alignment with our product roadmap. | If you're interested in the feature please upvote the request in [GitHub](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Feature+request&template=FEATURE_REQUEST.md) to let the team know.                                                                                                     |
```

> | Pull request                                                                     | Will review [PRs](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/pulls) for system alignment, user need, and contribution quality.                                                                                                                       | Leave comments for code review.<br/><br/> Upvote the request in [GitHub](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/6750) to express interest and let the team know you want this feature.                                                           |

Reviewer 2: seems like a few of these link to the discussions page even when not relevant to discussions. is this intentional?

Author: apologies! I thought discussions were the only place to upvote so I threw the links in there. thanks @chloerice for updating :D

keywords:
  - service level agreement
  - SLA
  - contributing to polaris
  - open source
  - contribution guide
---

Through supporting teams, we’ve learned what works well, and not so well. We’ve outlined these things so that you can create a successful plan. This guide goes into detail, but here are the highlights.

## TL;dr

Think about your system needs in the prototype phase of your project so your team can plan for [quality](/contributing/quality-contributions) systems [contributions](/contributing) ahead of the build phase. The Polaris team is here to help you with planning, but we can’t be pulled in last minute to unblock. 

The best way to get help is through our support channels:
- [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/6750) to talk to the community about anything from patterns, to potential contributions 
-  #polaris in Slack if you work at Shopify and have a general inquiry

As you’re building you may need custom styles. In those cases, always use Polaris [tokens](/tokens).

## Product team tips
With some early planning and intentional systems thinking, the build stage will go a lot smoother.

### Plan for systems changes ahead of time

> The Polaris team should never be pulled in to unblock a team from shipping something quickly—we’re here to support and guide teams when they’re planning their strategic system changes ahead of time. Teams at Shopify should start working on their system needs early in the design and build process and are expected to make [quality system contributions](link to new quality guidelines) ahead of their ship dates. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Polaris team should never be pulled in to unblock a team from shipping something quickly—we’re here to support and guide teams when they’re planning their strategic system changes ahead of time. Teams at Shopify should start working on their system needs early in the design and build process and are expected to make [quality system contributions](/contributing#what-makes-a-good-contribution) ahead of their ship dates. 
```

Reviewer 2: swapping for the current quality guidelines that @raquelbreternitz and @jjgali shipped, might make sense to swap them out later when we have more quality docs

Author: fixed with https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/pull/6862

---
title: Working with the Polaris team
description: When you contribute to Polaris, you help the Shopify community create better experiences for merchants, faster. Contribution takes thoughtful planning.
keywords:
  - service level agreement
  - SLA
  - contributing to polaris
  - open source
  - contribution guide
---

Through supporting teams, we’ve learned what works well, and not so well. We’ve outlined these things so that you can create a successful plan. This guide goes into detail, but here are the highlights.

### TL;DR

- High pressure deadlines are stressful, but the Polaris team can’t be pulled in to unblock. Think about the system early in the design process and plan for any system updates or additions ahead of the build stage. The Polaris team is here to support you while planning. Start a [GitHub discussion](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/discussions/6750) for a larger contribution. For smaller contributions like bug fixes, read the [contribution guide](/contributing).

> - For the system to stay healthy and scale, contributions require a certain level of [quality](/contributing/quality-contributions)

Reviewer 3: Is this a placeholder link for the quality principles that @raquelbreternitz and I are working on? Just want to note if so, that way we can update it when our PR goes up.

Author: Yep! It's a placeholder :) thanks for checking
